in 1969 the wild ones went to Woodstock
the unlucky ones went to war
[Music]
but if you didn't know where you were
going
you have the distinction of being the
only senior not going on to college I
don't have a plan I just don't want to
end up like my mother
Susanna was they said you to claim or
the best place in the world for someone
like you
is less than a half an hour from here
welcome to Claymore Susanna
I guess I'm puzzled as to why it is I
have to be in a mental institution call
me a cab okay you're a cab you chased a
bottle of aspirin the bottle of [ __ ] I
had a headache jam this in my aorta
listen your aorta is in your chest good
to know what are you that husband sleeps
I don't need them don't go down a
problem is there something about sex
which lifts your feelings of despair
have you ever had sex
highs and lows increasingly severe least
I think she's hot cuz she's a sociopath
I'm a sociopath
no you're gay uncertainty about goals
and a generally pessimistic attitude are
often observed that's me that's
everybody you don't need to be here
there are things changing what do they
know about being normal get yourself
back let's go
[Music]
I have a vanilla sundae with how much
whipped cream cherries and nuts
[Music]
you